Coconut Storm Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 8, 2014

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at contact[at]coconutstorm.com or through our contact form.

At www.coconutstorm.com/, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how Coconut Storm collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Coconut Storm’s products, services, and websites including, but not limited to Coconut Storm’s MC Helper, MC Helper Pro, Tazer, and Tazer Pro applications (together “Services”).

Coconut Storm reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.

1. Non-personal Data

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Coconut Storm collects about the use of Coconut Storm Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.

Coconut Storm may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Coconut Storm to identify you.

Coconut Storm may use Flurry analytics tool in order to develop and analyze use of the Services. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how Services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. If you wish to opt-out from Flurry analytics, please follow this link: http://www.flurry.com/resources/privacy.html.

2. Personal Data

We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.

3. Ad Serving Technology

Coconut Storm reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Coconut Storm or Coconut Storm’s partners and contractors. Coconut Storm may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Coconut Storm or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Coconut Storm or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.

You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Coconut Storm may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Coconut Storm takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Coconut Storm does not have access to or control of third party technologies.

Coconut Storm may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, please visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are not displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services. Additionally please note that if you “opt out” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.

4. Location Data

We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.

5. Data Retention

Coconut Storm retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Coconut Storm deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe.

Irrespective of the above, Coconut Storm may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Coconut Storm user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of Services.

6. Cookies, Beacons and Tracking

The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, and web beacons. Coconut Storm treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.

7. Third Party Terms and Conditions

To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.

8. Safeguards

Coconut Storm follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information in Coconut Storm’s possession. Data collected by Coconut Storm is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to data, Coconut Storm maintains data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

9. Other

If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Coconut Storm encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. Coconut Storm does not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13. If you believe Coconut Storm has inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so Coconut Storm can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.

10. www.coconutstorm.com

Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.coconutstorm.com/ makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. 

DoubleClick DART Cookie

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.coconutstorm.com/.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.coconutstorm.com/ and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include:

Google Adsense
Commission Junction
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.coconutstorm.com/ send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. 

www.coconutstorm.com/ has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.coconutstorm.com/’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. 